Markdown changes (#377)
sirgwain/craig-stars: docs/development.md

- [tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [daisyui](https://daisyui.com)

Icons are either hand crafted, taken from the original Stars! files or from the wonderful [game-icons.net](https://game-icons.net) and [heroicons.com](https://heroicons.com).

# Getting Started

> **Note**: The following instructions assume you have `go`, `make` and `npm` installled. `go` can be installed quite easily from [their website](https://go.dev/dl/]), while the easiest way to install the other 2 is to use a package manager: [chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/install) for Windows, [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) or apt-get/yum for Linux (& Chromebook by extension).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The following instructions assume you have `go`, `make` and `npm` installled. `go` can be installed from [their website](https://go.dev/dl/]), while the easiest way to install the other 2 is to use a package manager: [chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/install) for Windows, [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) or apt-get/yum for Linux.
```

> From there, you can install `make` and `node.js` (which includes npm) fairly easily. NOTE: If `node.js` doesn't co-operate after being installed, try uninstalling it and re-installing the **LTS** version from their website instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there, you can install `make` and `node.js` (which includes npm) fairly easily. **Note**: make sure you install the **LTS** version of node.
```

> After cloning the repo (easily done with Github Desktop), build `craig-stars` locally once. This will build the frontend and then the backend. The backend embeds the frontend resources into its binary to support a single binary deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After cloning the repo, build `craig-stars` locally once. This will build the frontend and then the backend. 
```

### Installing go-sqlite3
If you don't already have it, you'll also need to install [go-sqlite3](https://github.com/mattn/go-sqlite3) for things to work. However, this itself requires the [GCC compiler collection](https://gcc.gnu.org/) to function. 

For Linux/Mac, you can simply install the latest version of the GCC compilers using whatever package software you installed previously.

However, on Windows, you'll need to install a Linux-like development interface (use [MinGW](https://www.mingw-w64.org/) - Cygwin64 WILL NOT WORK) to install & build the latest GCC version.

Once that's done, enter `go install github.com/mattn/gosqlite3` into your computer's native terminal (or the terminal in VS Code) to install the driver.

> 

Reviewer: You shouldn't need to install go-sqlite3. I think you just need to ensure you have a gcc compiler installed _because_ craig-stars uses go-sqlite3.

## Assets
You will need art assets, and those can be downloaded from [https://craig-stars.net/images/images.zip](https://craig-stars.net/images/images.zip). Copy these images into the `frontend/static/images` folder (or make a new folder if it doesn't already exist).

## Building and Running
Finally, go to your terminal and enter the following commands:

```bash

> go install github.com/air-verse/air@latest
> make build
> make dev
> go run main.go serve --debug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make build
make dev
```

```

> (Installing air is only required once, so you can skip the first line on subsequent builds.)

Reviewer: Let's add a separate section for `air`. Users can just run `make dev` until they are making frequent changes to the backend.

**Note** On first launch, this will create an empty database with a single `admin` user, password `admin`.

> If done correctly, it should give a localhost link (http://localhost:XXXX/) representing the application being hosted locally on your machine. Go to that site to see a live reloading frontend proxied to the go server on port `:8080`. Updating go code will relaunch the backend automatically, while updating frontend code will do a hot reload with sveltekit/vite. (For obvious reasons, this only lasts while the terminal is actually _open_; closing it will close the program.)

Reviewer: Does it not run on port 5173 by default on windows?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If done correctly, it should give a localhost link (http://localhost:XXXX/) representing the application being hosted locally on your machine. Go to that site to see a live reloading frontend proxied to the go server on port `:8080`. Updating go code will relaunch the backend automatically, while updating frontend code will do a hot reload with sveltekit/vite.
```

Author: AFAIK it does run on port 5173 automatically on windows - IDK about linux though.

- [tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [daisyui](https://daisyui.com)

Icons are either hand crafted, taken from the original Stars! files or from the wonderful [game-icons.net](https://game-icons.net) and [heroicons.com](https://heroicons.com).

# Getting Started
**Note**: The following instructions assume you have `go`, `make` and `npm` installled. `go` can be installed from [their website](https://go.dev/dl/]), while the easiest way to install the other 2 is to use a package manager: [chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/install) for Windows, [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) or apt-get/yum for Linux.

From there, you can install `make` and `node.js` (which includes npm) fairly easily. **Note**: make sure you install the **LTS** version of node. 

> #### GCC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GCC
```

## Assets
You will need art assets, and those can be downloaded from [https://craig-stars.net/images/images.zip](https://craig-stars.net/images/images.zip). Copy these images into the `frontend/static/images` folder (or make a new folder if it doesn't already exist).

## Installing Air
[Air](https://github.com/air-verse/air) is a Go utility that aids in automatic server restarting. While modifying the frontend code will trigger a hot reload of the local program (allowing for immediate confirmation of changes in real time), changes to the `golang` backend are only reflected the _next_ time the program is launched (requiring you to kill and restart the program each time). `Air` merely automates this "kill and restart" process by shutting down and reloading the server every time changes are detected. 

> Installing air is ** not required** to run `craig-stars` locally, but can be helpful if you plan on frequently making changes to the backend and want real time confirmation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing air is **not required** to run `craig-stars` locally, but can be helpful if you plan on frequently making changes to the backend and want real time confirmation. 
```

To install air, enter the following code into your terminal:
```bash

> go install github.con/air-verse/air@latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go install github.com/air-verse/air@latest
```

```

## Building and Running
After performing all that, go to your terminal and enter the following commands:

```bash
make build
make dev
```

**Note** On first launch, this will create an empty database with a single `admin` user, password `admin`.

> If done correctly, it should give a localhost link (http://localhost:XXXX/) representing the application being hosted locally on your machine. Go to that site to see a live reloading frontend proxied to the go server on port `:8080`. Updating go code will relaunch the backend automatically (via air), while updating frontend code will do a hot reload with sveltekit/vite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If done correctly, it should give a localhost link (http://localhost:5173/) representing the application being hosted locally on your machine. Go to that site to see a live reloading frontend proxied to the go server on port `:8080`. Updating go code will relaunch the backend automatically (via air), while updating frontend code will do a hot reload with sveltekit/vite.
```
